Feature/devcred 667 [affiliation-merchant-partners-list] (#17)
stone-payments/affiliation-web-components: packages/affiliation-merchant-partners-list/README.md

# Sling Merchant Partners List Business Component

> This component renders a list element with the merchant information within.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component renders a list element with the merchant information inside.
```

## Usage

This is how you set the component into the project html structure

```html
    <!-- component wrapper page location -->
    <affiliation-merchant-partners-list
        affiliationCode="">
    </affiliation-merchant-partners-list>
```

> The *affiliationCode* antribute are mandatory for the component to make the correct request to the integrated api and populate it with data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *affiliationCode* atribute is mandatory for the component to make the correct request to the integrated api and populate it with data.
```
